Bug fixes (#33)
xcube-dev/xcube-stac: CHANGES.md

## Changes in 0.2.0

* CDSE Sentinel-2 Viewing Angle Dataset: The dimension of the viewing angle dataset 
  has been updated to `(time, angle, band, angle_y, angle_x)`.  
* The package `_utils` has been made public and is now called `utils`.
* All data opener-specific open parameters are now consolidated into a single keyword
  argument. This argument holds a dictionary where keys follow the structure
  `<data_type>:<format_id>`.

> * Fixed a bug in `"xcube-stac"` for `data_id="sentinel-2-l2a"`, where the filter 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in data store `stac`  when opening datasets for `data_id="sentinel-2-l2a"`, where the filter 
```

Reviewer: And below as well.
